Fixing broken links (#16500)
apache/incubator-mxnet: docs/python_docs/python/tutorials/packages/autograd/index.md

We called `dropout` while `autograd` was recording this time, so our network was in training mode and we see dropout of the input this time. Since the probability of dropout was 50%, the output is automatically scaled by 1/0.5=2 to preserve the average activation.

> We can force some operators to behave as they would during training, even in inference mode. One example is setting `mode='always'` on the [Dropout](/api/python/ndarray/ndarray.html?highlight=dropout#mxnet.ndarray.Dropout) operator, but this usage is uncommon.

Author: ```suggestion
We can force some operators to behave as they would during training, even in inference mode. One example is setting `mode='always'` on the [Dropout](/api/python/ndarray/ndarray.html#mxnet.ndarray.Dropout) operator, but this usage is uncommon.
```

## Advanced: Using Python control flow

> As mentioned before, one of the main advantages of `autograd` is the ability to automatically calculate gradients of dynamic graphs (i.e. graphs where the operators could be different on every forward pass). One example of this would be applying a tree structured recurrent network to parse a sentence using its parse tree. And we can use Python control flow operators to create a dynamic flow that depends on the data, rather than using [MXNet's control flow operators](/api/python/tutorials/extend/control_flow.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned before, one of the main advantages of `autograd` is the ability to automatically calculate gradients of dynamic graphs (i.e. graphs where the operators could be different on every forward pass). One example of this would be applying a tree structured recurrent network to parse a sentence using its parse tree. And we can use Python control flow operators to create a dynamic flow that depends on the data, rather than using [MXNet's control flow operators](/api/python/docs/tutorials/packages/autograd/index.html#Advanced:-Using-Python-control-flow).
```
